TITLE: Which continuing student housing is best?

POST: I am looking a bit early into what housing I want for next year (I am currently a first-year in Mesa Classics). I prefer something more affordable but also nice overall. I heard that Plaza Verde is the best to choose and is more bang for the buck. Is this true? Help me out guys lol

COMMENT: Camino! I love it! It gives more “Home” vibes if that’s what you’re looking for! (I live in a townhome) While PV is more apartment. PLUS YOU GET YOUR OWN WASHER DRYER!

COMMENT: If you are okay w SUPER thin walls then yes! I live there currently and I can hear (clearly) my roommate’s every move and convos

COMMENT: After having lived in pv, puerta, and vdcn, I can easily say vdcn was the best. Not only do you not pay for electricity like the others which will save you hundreds of dollars but this place also has the largest shared bedroom that I’ve had yet, the largest bathroom, the nicest surrounding area, the most ample and easy to access parking, and amazing staff too. 
However, my least favorite was puerta, which is easily one of the worst. Terrible internet, extremely cramped spaces, tarnished wooden floors, no parking at all, the smallest bathrooms, and no air conditioning.

COMMENT: Im a transfer that chose PV and I like it, it’s rly nice and worth the price imo. Tho I heard PV2 is nicer bc it’s newer, although it’s finals week and wifi is pretty shotty for both complexes rn

COMMENT: I’m in pv rn and have a friend in pv2 as well. Pv2 is nicer with better appliances, is slightly less expensive, but they only have twin beds and rooms are a bit smaller.

COMMENT: They got full beds too, just gotta get a studio or something else that’s only for 1 person

COMMENT: I’m at puerta del sol. I know it’s not the most popular but it has everything you need and no troubles since it isn’t popular. Only thing is you share a room with another person but if you like your roommate it’s great

COMMENT: PV is amazing and awesome and I used to live there, but honestly all places are pretty good and livable

COMMENT: If you decide on Plaza Verde go for Plaza Verde 1 not Plaza Verde 2. Unless you want to get your internet cut during finals week.

COMMENT: camino

COMMENT: I’m in VDC and I like it a lot. You don’t pay for utilities, it was the cheapest option that let me have my own room, the amenities are nice (however the pool was closed for most of the quarter :/), parking is great. The only thing is that it is pretty far from campus so if you wanna go there or come back home at a time the shuttles aren’t running you have to walk for a good half hour. If you have a bike or a scooter it’d probably be better.

COMMENT: if u can afford it PV is way better and camino i heard is great if you want a lower price. DO NOT CHOOSE VDCN or VDC

COMMENT: i’m in vdc and i love it so much. the amenities are all great and it has the most convenient parking system

COMMENT: what's wrong with vdcn/vdc