TITLE: What's your favorite ACC Apartment Community?

POST: I just accepted my offer to transfer to UCI after getting rejected by UCLA today (reinforcing stereotypes😭) and was starting to look into housing! Was just wondering which ACC housing is generally the best? Or should I look for other apartments? Thanks!!

COMMENT: hi! camino is nice and they’re set up like townhouses, basically each person gets like a (small) floor to themself. you’d have to park at the anteater rec center since there isn’t really a lot for camino residents, but there’s 20 min parking in front of camino if you wanna load groceries. i’d recommend vdc for the better parking!
usually people at acc take the bus to campus since you have to pay for parking at school. i’d try to live at acc since utilities are included in your rent, and you’d live in communities w uci students. living off campus can get pretty expensive.

COMMENT: hey!! thank you for the advice :D i was super considering one of the vdc places or maybe one of the plaza verde apartments since i knew someone who lived there and they seemed to like it! do you know the diff between vdc and vdcn- is it basically the same? thank you again for your help 🙏🙏

COMMENT: of course! i’m at vdc and i like it way more than vdcn, you get a bigger room and a full bed instead of a twin and the amenities are nicer imo.. biggest drawback is it’s furthest from campus, still not far, but the bus is there on weekdays so it doesn’t bother me. and if you have a car then that’s not an issue!
plaza is newest and i didn’t pick it bc the $ for a single was too much but it is right next to albertsons if you wanted a quicker walk over

COMMENT: ooo did you get a single at vdc or are you rooming with people? LOL yeah the single at plaza is too much for me most likely- thanks again for ur help i appreciate it 😭😭🙏🙏

COMMENT: Puerta bc I'm poor, lol naw jk. 

 I still love the proximity to campus here, but drawbacks include lack of space (4 beds 2 baths currently in) no pool, and older apartments in general. But still, I have it pretty good in the big-picture scheme of it all  💯

COMMENT: oo yeah i did hear that puerto was a bit smaller on average, but the pricing is super nice! and the location is so perfect lmfao if i get stuck with morning classes it might just save my life. ty for the advice i really appreciate it !! :D

COMMENT: just a heads up- if you have a car and use it frequently puerta may not be the best for you because you have to park in the same lot as the camino residents which can be a 10-15 minute walk depending on where you are!!

COMMENT: ooo okay yeah i was hoping to bring my car to uci, ty for the heads up!!

COMMENT: this is my second year in plaza verde and can rate it a solid 7/10

pros for me are it’s proximity to everything (13 ish minute walk to campus) and albertsons/starbucks right across the street, is relatively new so nothing falling apart, maintenance is always super nice and fixes things pretty quick, front desk is usually pretty helpful, study rooms, and the common area is really nice and can be a good study spot

cons: parking is a bitch and can be very difficult to find (especially this year because the top floor is blocked because of construction), parking is expensive ($305/quarter), expensive rent, walls are too thin, minor/short-term bug infestations (ants last year and currently dealing with gnats), ac/heater is loud and doesn’t reach half of the apartment.

despite the cons i wouldn’t want to live anywhere else mainly because of proximity (i prefer walking to campus) and how new it is. in general i think acc is better because they provide furniture which makes move in/out so easy and saves you money (although this is kinda offset by rent).

i will say i’ve heard some not so good things about the new plaza verde and don’t recommend living there. they’re trying to cram as many people into that building as possible so the rooms are smaller and the desks swing out from under the bed (idk how that’s supposed to work but that’s what i heard). i also heard they’re not getting their own parking structure.. so both plazas get to share parking 😶 again, these are rumors that i’ve heard so take them with a grain of salt, but personally i wouldn’t want to live in the new PV

COMMENT: DUDE this is so much info thank you!! the bug infestations sound rough gl with the gnats 😭 i've heard horror stories from basically all my friends about bugs so i was kinda mentally preparing myself to deal w them anyway. new plaza verde is the plaza verde II thing right? that's pretty yikes sounding lmfao, i was considering the studio at plaza verde 2 but if things r that bad i might just go with the 2 bed 2 bath at the og verde! TY again for this very well written thorough review :D much appreciated!

COMMENT: the bug issue honestly isn’t that bad!! sorry if i worried you haha but both times were easy to manage and get rid of them. yeah i forgot they’re calling it plaza verde 2, those are the rumors i heard tho so i’d try asking around to confirm! if you google plaza verde 2 and look at the images, it should show you pics of inside the apartments! furniture looks the exact same as my apartment but layouts are different. honestly i think you’d be ok with a studio in the new plaza since you won’t have to share! 

feel free to pm me if you have anymore questions about this or anything uci related! and congrats on your acceptance 🥳

COMMENT: oh okay thank god LOL i was 100% bluffing abt the being mentally ready. i googled abt plaza verde and watched some tours and it all looks really nice!! like super modern and clean i love it :D ty again for the infos & advices ill 100% hit you up ! TYTY excited to officially be an anteater 🐜🐜

COMMENT: hey!! SICK!! congrats on getting in! i'm currently in the middle of deciding between getting a single or a double so i dont wanna jump the gun on finding a roommate right now in case i decide i'd rather have a single BUT i'd love to be friends no matter what :D lemme pm you my insta!

COMMENT: If you’re an incoming freshman, I highly suggest the dorms: Middle Earth or Mesa Court. It’s much easier to meet people and establish a friend group right away. Not to mention, you can get a meal plan with the eateries, so you don’t have to worry about cooking for yourself while you make the transition to college life.

That being said, I think Camino is the most comfortable because it offers townhouses with in room washer/dryer. Puerta is the most convenient since it’s nearest to campus and the grocery store.

COMMENT: Oops sorry I shoulda specified I was a transfer student coming in- ty for the info!! I've seen a lotta good things abt Camino but I'm kinda worried about the parking, do you know if there's reliable parking if I choose to take my car to campus?

COMMENT: Camino residents can purchase a permit to park at the parking structure next to the gym which is maybe a 5-10 min walk from car to house. While it is less convenient than vdc or vdcn which have parking spaces right outside the buildings, I didn’t really use my car anyways until the weekends so the walk is not bad.

COMMENT: oo yeah that doesn't sound bad at all esp if a nice location already, ty for the advices :D much appreciated

COMMENT: What’s the answer to these since it’s been a year now

COMMENT: LMFAO wasn't expecting to ever see this thread again- tbh pv1 & pv2 are nice, altho pv1 has some insane parking issues since they just dont have enough parking spots. camino is honestly pretty sweet tho since you can affordably get a bedroom and bathroom to yourself as well as having in house laundry.

COMMENT: Awesome, do you recommend bringing a car?

COMMENT: yeah ive def liked having a car w me- you can def get around w/out it, but a lot of the fun places to go are in the neighboring cities to irvine like tustin, costa mesa, and garden grove. if ur not a fan of asking for rides i'd def recommend a car :>

COMMENT: now that its been 2 years now is there an update to this? I'm an incoming transfer student and need some advice on which acc to choose lol