TITLE: What’s life like in the ACC apartments? 

POST: I’m a transfer and I live in Irvine but my parents want me to dorm for the experience. So what will it be like? 

COMMENT: well acc isn't dorming, but it's just living in an apartment with some other students. there's events that acc puts on where you can socialize but there's less opportunity to socialize as opposed to actually dorming. but put yourself out there and it'll be great!

take advantage of acc amenities, the pools are great

COMMENT: i don’t think it’s worth being at acc if u live in irvine. the amenities are great but you’ll likely meet people that live here and can use it through them like the pool, ping pong, theatre, etc. if you want to get away from home life and experience being on your own this is a great opportunity. if you think you’ll be home a lot of the time it’s not worth the money

COMMENT: I would just live with your parents and save money tbh

COMMENT: acc apartments are not worth it tbh if u already live in irvine. unless u really want to i would say save your money.

COMMENT: They really want me to live on my own for a year

COMMENT: i would do it if you really want to but i live in acc honestly it’s a lot of money if ur a local tbh

COMMENT: Stay with your parents

COMMENT: They insist on me living on my own just for a year tho

COMMENT: Hey if they wanna pay for that, enjoy it.

COMMENT: How far are they from campus?

COMMENT: It depends on which one you pick/end up in. The one I’m in is closest to campus- it’s just down the block and across the street.

COMMENT: ‘Listen son, it would be a good idea if you lived away from home” - I’m hearing “We don’t want to cook, clean, launder or shop for you any longer”!

COMMENT: Some people have loving parents

COMMENT: You can dorm at AV, but that's not ACC. I'd say AV(so far) has been good. I like living at AV and it's smaller than the freshman dorms at places like Middle Earth and such. The cost of dorm is cheaper than ACC but in your specific shoes I'd rather commute. If you live in AV you'll have share a room w someone and there's a communal kitchen which can either be an ok situation or really bad situation.

COMMENT:  ACC isn’t like living in the dorms. It’s like living in pretty much every other apartment building, except pretty much everyone else in the building goes to school with you. I’ve been in a single in Puerta for two years. It’s nice, quiet, and safe. The CAs do host regular community events, so you can meet other students who live in your building and enjoy activities. But it’s not like the dorms!